Add docs on cors runtime setting (#644)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/reference/spicepod/index.md

- `retention_period` - optional, how long records in the task history table should be retained. Default is `8h`, or 8 hours.
- `retention_check_interval` - optional, how often should old records be checked for removal. Default is `15m`, or 15 minutes.

### `runtime.cors`

> The CORS section specifies the configuration for enabling Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for the HTTP endpoint. By default, CORS is enabled with all origins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CORS section specifies the configuration for enabling Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) for the HTTP endpoint. By default, CORS is disabled.
```

Default configuration:

```yaml

> runtime:
>   cors:
>     enabled: true
>     allowed_origins: ["*"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
runtime:
  cors:
    enabled: false
```

> ```yaml
> runtime:
>   cors:
>     enabled: true
>     allowed_origins: ["*"]
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
runtime:
  cors:
    enabled: false
```
```
